Use more inclusive pronouns (#1852)
nextcloud/documentation: admin_manual/configuration_user/user_configuration.rst

.. figure:: ../images/users-actions.png

> Sometimes you may want to disable a user without permanently deleting their

Reviewer: Why not use the plural of user in the first place?

Author: What do you mean? Could you give an example sentence? 😊

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Sometimes you may want to disable users without permanently deleting them
```

Author: Oh, I see. Well, it didn't really strike me as something to do. If y'all want to change it that way, I don't mind; should still be `their` though, to make sense with the rest of the sentence: `settings and files. The user can be activated any time again, without data-loss.` 😊

Reviewer 3: This change seems totally fine as is. :)

> Sometimes you may want to disable a user without permanently deleting their

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Sometimes you may want to disable users without permanently deleting them
```
